Okay let's watch the video of Dallas
talking about a topic that we
have already discussed it
is a topic that I really don't understand
how it is not a scandal the worst thing is that
here on top of that some idiots will come out
messing with dala instead of
moving this This is a lot of cloth I
was talking about it yesterday I put it in a tweet
too I felt very sorry for it I'm not going to
repeat the people who replied to
the tweet that if the whole tweet but
I felt very sorry for it it wasn't the majority
but there were a lot of people
defending coscu trying to
justify it and messing with me for the
tweet that I had posted it's not like no it doesn't make any
sense whatsoever this the first thing
I criticize is the hypocrisy How are you going to
kick three people out of koi for
sexist tweets Racist twin in 2012
liking jota no that I
ran into him By the way jota I
ran into him in Seville I ran into him in a
shopping center I said hello to him and I said [ __ ]
and I was freaking out [ __ ] what an
opportunity I missed but I mean ah the
kid who was from here  Sevilla he was
kicked out for four shitty tweets for
telling Juan Guarnizo that he was lazy
that literally almost all
youtubers don't scratch our balls a little
some days and another No, no, it's not a
joke, it's a joke and for liking tweets
about girls taking erotic photos, I
mean literally you put Murat in the evening 3
who is the type of
content creator who makes that content but the
chache of Koya 1 because he gave it a like and
consumed that content is that she is a she is a
wonder I mean I have nothing
against him eh I mean he knows it he can't
say that I have anything against him we have
spoken on some other occasions well
in fact recently I asked him when about the
Betis field I asked him Hey are
you coming tomorrow because if you come tomorrow I might do
one of these with the
mic and he said No, I'm not bad with
fever I don't know what I mean I have nothing with
him but these things really get on my
balls man it's that these things I mean
how the [ __ ] do you bring this guy in no matter how much of a
friend of yours he is that I really don't understand
There it goes there no no no it doesn't make sense
But anyway let's watch the
Dallas video here in the thumbnail because he's
making you crazy with eBay the circus of
hypocrisy ibai Llanos's friend
founded auron for much less man
for much less not for infinitely
less I mean but it's not that let's see the
thing with auron was that it's supposedly still
there for B because I think
that many of those conversations were
false many of the messages were
photoshopped but the thing with auron was that he
supposedly spoke with a girl that the
girl was 14 years old but auron no he
had no [ __ ] idea about this girl who
said every week she had a
different age I mean the coscu thing literally
happened well I don't know if it was two or three
years ago the coscu thing or four maybe not that
much I don't think it was less ago the thing with Coco
was that he had a drunk girl at his
house because the girl liked to [ __ ]
drunk and when the girl was like
super unconscious he took a picture of the
girl and sent it to all his friends
no I mean what the [ __ ] are you telling me
impressive  we're not going to watch the video watch out for
the funas office funas Well
who can we denounce today yes perfect
sir it turns out we have auron and
Beijing who were posting nonsense on
Twitter and were bullies about
10 years ago perfect let's denounce them they haven't
changed at all in these 10 years and I'll
turn them on the same ones in these next ten years
okay We also have three
members of the eBay mbotas group
who it turns out were liking
tweets from girls who published
content that was totally legal over 18 and they
also posted some stuff like they would
like to sleep with some other
streamer to do things that were over 18 Oh
about the grandmother great-grandmother and her grandmother
literally to Isabella that girl who
came later Thank you very much and this that and that
but I don't care how it falls but
the reason for pressing Isabella de koi
was that she would let Carola [ __ ] her on
a record she put that well also in a
tweet also in a tweet it's very strong
and now look at the double standards in
hypocrisy
we have that too
how does it occur to them perfect let's go  to
denounce them and also kick them out of the
bootlicking group while they're at it and
also bully them and
the other streamers respond very well
What else is worth it also just came to me
that it turns out that coscu is a friend of
ibai is going to participate in the
boxing event and it turns out only a couple of years it turns out
that he dedicated himself to taking photos of
a couple of years girl who was
unconscious and drugged at coscu's house
and coscu took off her clothes and took pictures of her
without consent and basically abused
her he spread her photos without clothes
among his group of friends the momo and he
also spread them among more groups of
guys all this while he was the
momo that the momo we can't forget that it
's real I mean and I don't care I'm not
saying it to defend wismichu I do
n't care that it's wismichu in this case the victim but the momo because wismichu
messed with Maradona who
is already a character with a
controversial history at the very least no the momo started
saying So he was going to attack
wismichu I mean at what point for a
soccer player do you start saying that
you're not even going to hit anyone, I mean I
think they are people who are already a bit
defined What kind of people they are, I do
n't really know, really very strong in the
middle of a Twitch stream I mean
because the guy also took the pictures of you,
the girl without clothes in the middle of a
Twitch stream this happens in any
logical company but what happens is that things
depend on who they are if instead of this
making the momos anyone does it
even if nothing is seen in the stream
Even if the stream put the
black screen so that the girl could not be seen and he
was commenting on it, they would kick him off Twitch
if this hadn't been someone else they would have
taken him off Twitch he had the girl drugged
in his house which is well literally
a criminal offense as you know and he
should actually be in jail for
it And now it turns out that this same
person he was going there the same one I have done
to the previous ones for giving likes to photos
of girls over 18 inches with
consent totally legal, then he
has put coscu as the
main event of his boxing event against
German Garmendia the same guy who
should be in jail nothing nothing nothing nothing
of that does not work How How that
German should be in jail he
said the Dallas against German Garmendia
the same guy as the main event of
his boxing event against Germanga Ah no no no
the same guy who should be in
jail he refers to coscu it's that German
Had a move Look if German
I German doesn't know about Goku because if
not he would refuse to participate German Had
a move two three years ago well
maybe more ago because I remember that I
commented on it Even on the main channel
because they canceled it because he made a
joke about raping girls in a video
from 12 or 13 years ago a stupid thing it was a
video in which he was playing a
video game and a girl was putting on a show
I think it was on a pool table and I
think he said something like don't
act like that I'll rape you I don't know something like that it
was a move that's how it was Okay those people have the
face of rapists the worst thing
a woman can do being alone Every is
go to a  a bar full of men is the
best way to look to be raped
honestly do you want to be raped not to
drink alone anymore wearing a miniskirt
someone is going to rape her someone is going
to rape her or whatever things that a woman should never
do dress in a
miniskirt and they went out to a bar one go alone two
start playing pool where obviously she
always lifts her ass and men
obviously get horny and they released that
clip suddenly two three years ago and they
tried let's go they tried they didn't
fire him for that and the kid came out to
apologize and so on or something like that look at you
German now see yourself fighting with this the
same guy who should be in
jail no no no no we're not going to
talk about that man it's been 2 years about that the
coscu has already changed it's been 2 years literally a
lot of things in 2 years man has
changed literally
okay but sir I'm telling you This is the
most serious case of all by far in
fact there have been permanent bans from
Twitch in the English-speaking community for
much less and not only are they
keeping him on Twitch but also
the other streamers literally eh I mean if it had
been any other  person if
this happens in Spain any
Spanish streamer Well I don't know if anyone I don't know
if anyone I'll also tell you Dallas and it makes
me really angry to
always have to use Dallas as an example but let's see he's the one
I have closest at hand and the one I
know the most so that the others don't say Oh it's that
already as an example such a one suffered
more literally and I found out
because the kid was fighting
talking to YouTube I don't know what and they
ended up explaining it to Dallas they took away
the YouTube Partner from Dallas Google
took away the YouTube Partner because the
Twitter progress started
spreading well first because certain
people made it reach the press we do
n't know who but certain people
made it reach the press that on such a
day Dallas had the trial with the
minors and the Twitter progress
sharing the link of the news in
the confidential Dallas Dallas has a
trial for the minors Dallas had a
trial for the minors tagging
Google tagging I don't know who and he took
a Google worker Hey this What is it I don't
know what I don't know how much they took away his
Partner in a [ __ ] December I mean
if I loved this guy this guy has been
hurt or so this guy is that I  it's a
big deal because it seems like I'm always
sucking his dick And such But it's
literal that happened and I know it and I
know it I mean that happened I know this is
how it is eh to Dallas it wasn't because of wismichu's video it
wasn't because of the video of what
happened there were massive reports they put
some on the Channel for a while but he
recovered it instantly because no it wasn't
against the rules of his channel but what
Google does is like that when he had the
sentence he spent like a [ __ ] month
fighting with YouTube
take the [ __ ] sentence take the [ __ ]
sentence that I won take the [ __ ]
sentence that I won the trial until they
gave him back the monetization I mean
on any platform it doesn't seem like a
[ __ ] thing is that coscu's thing is that they
put him in there he is In any
serious company this thing with coscu they would have
fired him they would have removed him they would have
permanently chumbaneo I mean it makes no [ __ ]
sense they lick his balls and on top of that it's the
Main event against Germn Garmendia no no
no you know what it seems to me here that
since coscu is friends with ibai what you
have is  a lot of envy and if you
mess with the group of famous streamers
it's because you are envious you are an
envious hater you are envious of their
fame let it be known you have no proof
of what you say Well sir I
am not a hater it's that literally
coscu appears in that same photo, that is to
say on top of that it is extreme all his
crimes that does not matter it will be a Photoshop
next thing sir what name
next thing I said heavy literal literal literal
all of these and that's
how it goes for us and that's how it goes for us the story that you
just saw are real events
any resemblance to reality is
because it is the [ __ ] reality man yes it is that yes it is that what you just heard is
not a parody it is the reality as you
are hearing it it seems that
we live in a parody of
ourselves how is it possible that
literally two weeks ago we were
doing 10 years ago but nevertheless we
recently have people
applauding an eBay boxing event
where the Main events is a guy who
literally abused a girl
explicitly in her house in the middle of a
stream that he took photos of her without
consent while she was unconscious
because of  the drugs he had taken
with him and making faces like the one who
has there a doll I don't know
the truth a joke not a joke he
had no plan to defend coscu no of
course No and all these channels
will defend
and go and know about Goku and you are going to see
about cocu for sure because he went and saw the gossip
ibai knows this for sure because it
really seems dangerous to me that all
these people have power and are people who
are influencers that thousands of
people follow them and what they do is
promote horrible people he
should literally be in jail
I would dare to say that a large part
of coscu's fame that I understand
is very viral in Argentina and all that
stuff but whether you like it or not joining with
Ebay and all the collaborations he has
done with ibai will have given him
incredible fame not from the Spanish public no well from the
public everywhere because he was going to be
very famous, I mean joining with IVA
there and he is going to go it will have given him much
more fame than he had what
happened many of you may not remember
but almost a year ago I was the only
person who literally  I talked about this
case as always you know that
people love many of them
calling me crazy and for many years they didn't
believe me luckily this has been
changing over the years last year
I was the only person who exposed how
the whole coscu issue was really serious
in the middle of one of his streams he
opened a stream while he was
committing his crimes to a girl at his
house he ended up unconscious because
of drugs and time basically
instead of calling an ambulance what he
did was open a stream to make fun of the
issue with his followers he grabbed the
girl without clothes he took a selfie with the
girl without clothes and sent it to his friend
momo in the middle of the whole stream he
was doing and obviously others who
dedicated themselves to spreading the photo of this
girl just like him I don't know if
Dallas will put this in the video let's see it
because that video is very accessible okay
very simple you just put coscu
violin it's a hashtag that feminists made to
denounce it that year that
didn't give any of it virality and
the video is there look listen to the video okay
listen to the video it's incredible Hello to
[ __ ] with me I like to [ __ ] drunk
He says that the girl, well, the girl, the one
with that girl, that girl
likes to get drunk. Well, there, okay, okay, okay. She got
drugged, she got drugged. I mean, she got
tremendously drunk, in an
alcoholic coma. No, because if she got
unconscious, I understand that if she didn't, she was in an
alcoholic coma. No, because if she got unconscious, I understand that if she didn't, she was in an alcoholic coma, but she was
unconscious. I'm not going to get her out
of my house, I'm not going to wake her up, I
couldn't wake her up, okay. I couldn't get her up, I couldn't wake her up. I
almost called an ambulance, on top of that,
friend, I didn't know what to do
and you sent it to me
with a black screen, so as not to
show the girl, you put the black screen on,
okay, he had the delicacy and the detail to
do that, okay,
drunk, he
took a picture of her like this, in the fifth dream, she
's already there, no, on
top of that, he's telling you what
happened what happened on Stream, man. I don't know, I know that maybe I
'm exaggerating and
you guys maybe don't see it as that big of a deal, I do
n't know how to tell me what you think, but I
see it as an outrage. I mean, I see it as
an outrage. I understand that people
when they're young, I understand that
everyone makes mistakes and  [ __ ] and that you
can make mistakes in life but [ __ ]
Well what was the result for me
last year for exposing this case Well
basically people didn't pay any [ __ ]
attention, I mean they paid attention to me, the people who
follow me obviously didn't pay attention to him, they
told him that Dallas was slandering
that Dallas had no presumption of
innocence I swear no no that's how it is eh disgusting what
happened obviously the one
I arrived at but it wasn't spread further
And what's more she posted the video she completely censored it
the video stayed I think around
500,000 views more or less And on top of that It
was totally very relevant it turns out they
took away my Twitch Partner
literally
the mystery or so this let's see would be very
strong What happens is that I never think we will
never know the truth okay it would be very
strong if Dallas had taken away his
Twitch Partner because of that eh It doesn't
add up to me it doesn't add up to me let's see if it
's true that it was the same day I mean
dalo uploaded the video and Alan I don't know how many
hours I don't know if it was  at 5 to 6 hours
How many hours did they take from him What happens, of
course, I was thinking that, let's
see, you send the report to twist
and it takes a few days to be done, I don't know what made sense to
me more than this Partner thing, it
was because of Ari Gameplay and Juan,
okay, I think Juan and Ari came out to
say that they hadn't reported or
anything like that. I'll also tell you another
thing, coscu has friends on Twitch
Javi, let's see, personally, it seemed more true to me
at the time that it was because of Ari and
Juan, but it's true that, of course,
the people are super huge. I understand that he
has a contact from the
same day, like, for example, auron, I
remember, each one was banned from
Twitch for 20 minutes, that is, they even banned him
and unbanned him in 20 minutes. Javi
Twitch finances the coscu Army Awards,
seriously. That's really, it was coscu. Juan
is afraid of Dallas. Juan. No, I haven't
banned him, [ __ ]. I don't know if he has
reported if Juan has said no, it's
not because Juan, I remember. I
even when the windy thing they didn't want to
report windy on Facebook and
maybe I said something private that I shouldn't have
said but I don't think they'll get
mad about it because it's a good thing right
in that sense Juan and Ari may have
their flaws and whatever you want but if they
banned dala and it takes him away because it's not
even a ban for talking about
people it's taking away his Partner it's taking away his
Partner if this was because of
Coco because Coco has spoken to Twitch
or someone from Twitch what I did for the
rest [ __ ] I'm going to take away his Partner and
someone from Twitch Argentina has
taken away his Partner Dallas and on the way
you and Spain for not responding I don't know what
would be very strong but of course I don't know if we'll
ever know that eh really to
defend to defend a
violin arm he takes away my Partner while
he keeps not only the Partner but also
actively promotes a guy
who in the middle of a stream
Twitch itself subjected an abuse such as against
a girl unconscious from drugs in her
own house also spread and abused her
photos without clothes among his colleagues and  you're just now
putting the
main event in your shitty boxing
suit German Garmendia that I really don't
know how German Garmendia lends himself to that
Look honey at German because in fact
German moves the very few that he supported me
in his day it's been happening to me for
many years German doesn't know
German doesn't know this subject Surely sure
eh He wouldn't lend himself German wouldn't lend himself to
spam it spam it make it
reach him spam it you'll see how
suddenly German falls out of the event or
says he can't or something like that you'll
see it's pampering him I don't know what
happened to German to get involved with these
people I don't understand I suppose that German
is not even remotely informed of
things it's that I am him and I say and as a joke I'm
going to participate in an event he gives
money to an abuser but now I
tell you I don't understand I suppose that German doesn't
even know it for real I don't
remember By the way the ibai was one of these
people who dedicated himself to harassing me in his
day with all the area that they were
doing to me and in his day he dedicated himself
real atrocities from me to
participate in sites where it was just
said to me that I abused my own
sister that level of disgustingness
actively in the area against me
rejoicing that you delete me on the channel
mocking the prison For that yes he
actively participated against me but
when it is the coscu his friend the abuser
then no problem we are going to
invite him to the event and we are going to
promote it
How funny now you understand why I don't
really join it is that it has nothing to
do with the fact that it is true
that it is hypocritical and you can compare a
little the fact that in his day he went and
actively participated in the area towards
dala the cancellation towards Dallas and so on
I have commented on it I have videos about
that around here the Editors will be putting it
okay In fact I compiled all
or almost all I think everything that we
could rescue which were more things than what
Dallas put in his video still
you were involved And such But look there I
say well a lot We feel deceived
by a popular mob because of the things that
were said about Dallas I personally
could not blame anyone fact
because  I also participated in that
because I believed the things they
said about him, okay, then when I saw that I was
wrong I also helped a lot to
rectify popular opinion, I believed it
was fair because I am giving my opinion at the
end of all the topics, no, but the thing is that
even if ibai had not participated in the
funa against Dallas and he would have laughed at
the things against Dallas and so on, even if he had
not participated, even if ibai had not
participated in any funa, even if
ibai had not kicked out the decoy, how are
you going to allow this, it doesn't make sense, you would
n't do events with other streamers,
even if they invited me, I would not do them, they
disgust me, they are the most false thing
that exists in the world, they are the most double-
standard, hypocritical and false there is and I
would be incapable of participating in one of
these events knowing that there are people in there
who spent many
years harassing me in a Beastly way and the
only one who was able to apologize
to me was auron and that was it, Aurora, the
only ones capable of really changing,
apologizing to me for the things they
did to me, everyone else is there, you have them,
fake ones Hahaha  accusing me
falsely when everything that happened to me happened
and yet he is literally a
violin such as those of the cliques He
apologized to Dallas no one else no one else maybe he gave
his opinion publicly to help him
out he doesn't participate in
the events and in these things Juan and Ari
Juani Ari it is true it is true that
aldala is no longer worth
Juan and Ari's apologies but Juan and
Ari's apologies were from the heart eh From what I
made myself understand at least I
think they are and you too Javi but I
am not in those groups I have
participated in The Squid Games
only and because it is Aurora's now they are going
to participate in the ibai boxing evening
only to obtain something
because they do not charge absolutely anything to
go they only have the pleasure the
so incredible honor of going to this
stupid event and of being on the red carpet
or literally eh I mean it's not that everyone is
quiet dude everyone is quiet but it's not that they
are quiet because you say
Well come on I don't want to pronounce
less I want to make the note to throw
[ __ ] at him and Bye No it's not that everyone is going to go
everyone is going to go no one has
said hey I'm not going to go to the event dude and they
don't charge for going to the event I mean they're not going to
charge or anything like that and London
gay Yeah let's see I was in
Squid Games But it was because of Auron
obviously not Because those are from
Auron or does it have Aurora backwards listen to me
no one is withdrawing from the event no one is
leaving the event and not because they get paid because
you say Well but it's that they get paid a lot of
money No no Just for being
on the red carpet they keep quiet dude you're
licking the balls of people like
coscu who I repeat should be in
prison By the way, is anyone wondering
how it's possible that he's not in prison
for what he did is because basically he
needs a victim to report me
something that happens in many cases of
many victims is that instead of
reporting their abusers as is the case
of the victim
totally traumatic and forget what
happened I think let's see I don't know if it's true
in these tweets that I posted these days there
were people telling me I don't know if it's
true I have my doubts there were people who
were telling me that  girl even
defended him But that doesn't sound to me
that truth no because you had
given me the proof that the girl is
defending him in some way it is a
complete mistake because the coscu again
I repeat should be in jail and if
the victim reported him the guy would
go straight to prison instead of
that the victim has not spoken out
anywhere at all and despite the fact that
I myself have tried to help him with the
complaint process against the girls, he has not
spoken out at all this abuser did not
appear anywhere there were people in
response to my tweet telling me that the
girl was defending him and it turns out that the girl
has not even spoken out how disgusting people
defending things on top of using
lies to defend him man how disgusting
people who do that how disgusting people for
defending the coconut even making
things up man we have youtubers Like
this one for example and she has complained a thousand times
about the horrible thing what a disgusting chick
eh that her face falls well no
because she doesn't show it no out of shame no
but that her face falls out of
shame eh this chick eh that I
wanted to cancel eh what a disgusting mood man
how disgusting Cheer up, he wanted to cancel
me for flirting with a friend on a
party night when she was 20 and I was 30
like that was something that could be jailed and
the chick started cheering him on Uh how serious that he
recorded and now that chick is a photo
With the coconut eh this nimu let it be clear
eh this photo let it not be forgotten eh this
photo let it not be forgotten let it be
remembered until the end of his career what to
support between a guy who is an abuser
who literally abused an
unconscious girl in her own house in the middle
of a Stream or supporting Germn who the
worst thing he's ever done will be a flyswatter
Germn who is a God's bread and I've never
seen him get into a single controversy he is
explicitly an abuser and should
be in prison you know what it is
wanting to scratch pamita what a disgusting day of
interested eh how disgusting interested and
false and a bad person eh what it is Eh
let's take this as if it were something
official or something  You know that it organizes a
company or whatever [ __ ] look I'm going to give you
an example I'm going to give you an
example if nothing happens because you give
examples in Big Brother in Spain
everyone knows what programs were
brothers it is one of the most well-
known programs of controversy and gossip in
all parts of the world Big
Brother in Spain was magic, I mean Big
Brother in Spain was followed by a lot of
people, a lot of people on networks and
something happened that today is at this
moment maybe at any moment
the situation will change but right now there
was the trial and
the sentence is about to come out what happened was that a
girl was inside the house with a
boy they were couples they slept together every
night they had sex and so on but one
of the nights the girl drank
the drink agreed with her and she was half they say she was
unconscious I don't know if she
was really completely unconscious or semi
unconscious and the boy did it with
her That night he penetrated her that night okay
supposedly not the girl well was not
conscious they kicked him out of the house
they reported him to the civil guard and so on
right now the Big Brother program
is canceled in Spain it can't be
done I mean the program  Big Brother ca
n't be done until there's a
verdict and well I think that when there's
a verdict even if it's an acquittal
Big Brother it's very complicated for them to
do it again in fact they tried to do it
again by changing the name they
called it Secret Stories and it didn't work
people the audience contacted the
brands with each and every one of the
advertisers that are on Big Brother VIP
brother vibrother in other countries
people contacted each and every one of
the brands that appeared in the
Big Brother and Telecinco adverts they
had to remove Big Brother if
people take this seriously and start
contacting the brands that sponsor
the evening the evening is going to go to
hell Well maybe it's not going to go to
hell because Ibai would continue to finance them
but at least the brands will
fall I mean all the brands that appeared
in the adverts I mean imagine a
television show on prime time
all the brands that advertised in the
adverts telephone companies
shopping centres food brands
clothing brands all Every day we release
statements we announce that we are withdrawing
advertising from this programme because we
completely condemn it  what
happened in that program grefusa does not
leave them for that reason but if it reinforces it would surely
be one of those that left Big Brother
since if there are brands if there are brands in the
evening that got off Big Brother and
remain in the evening, let's go it's going to be
wonderful the video that I am going to
take with the hypocrisy or rather
really that program of the evening if it takes
place it is because ibai is going to do it
on his own if they made it to a
television network a company would end up out
what occurs to him Who occurs to him
but look at the hypocrisy of the people
look at the hypocrisy participate in the
event at all But he had the
need She does
not participate in the event but she
will crawl and be a pain in the ass to be
invited like they did last year when they
were not invited neither as nor as a
spectator she started crawling and being a pain in the
ass until she got a ticket
please I need family that I have
photos with the two eh Oh I have photos with
the two that are going to fight Look I
also want pavita and the worst thing She says that she did
not support the coscu it would be a
traitor because I suppose only two
from Argentina What levels what level what
level you like to complain that if the thing
a lot and I don't know what And what
the victim had to suffer from the cost what they
harassed her of having her photos without
clothes without internet because she was
complaining to you that they were spreading your
photos of simply your face and that you
called harassment because they were saying
photos with your face and the Costco that
spread photos of a girl not only her
face but her body without any type of
clothing Really disgusting athletic
vomitous of many because the day of the
event You are going to see a bunch of
pathetic people enjoying it is a moment of
fame the red carpet taking pictures
Hahaha what does this event have where the
Main event is a who follows cheer up is
there any fan here of encouragement I would love to
see that What kind of people follow
this bad person who the [ __ ]
sidanism And why or rather what is the
reason to continue cheering It is that the people
who are in these groups and others charge
some money that they do not need these
things man you
are only on the right track but if it is that it is
not even alone if it is that
really that you take and have a  couple
of balls and say I was going to this event and I'm
not going because I'm not going to participate in
the Main you have this is
not going to close the doors to you everything
simply at most it will close
the doors to you Maybe a couple of
eBay events but you're not going to close
the doors to everything well Hey well if he goes and
closes the doors that's why the one who's going to
stay If everyone puts their balls to the
truth Hey what the [ __ ] is this and goes and I'm
not going here If everyone puts their balls to it and goes
and I would make a good decision but what if he
goes and wants to remove you from their events
then you remove yourself from the device events
but you will continue in the Auron events you will
continue in these events you will
continue this I don't understand really I don't
understand I don't know maybe one day
I will grow a lot and suddenly I will sell out and I will
understand why I sell out because it is something
else No really guys right now I ca
n't understand these are things that I ca
n't understand really possible that
big brands that shouldn't be
part of these mafias are capable of
sponsoring this event where the mini
event is abusive and  at the same time
Twitch promotes everything while we
also have
a girl who said she wanted to
sleep with other streamers
who is dedicated to abusing an
unconscious girl So that is no kind
of Hey colleagues no problem kids
What a disgusting and false world of
streamers is that the world of
streamers dude I mean you know that I have
two worlds not two worlds in my work
two audiences not in the world of
famous people on TV of gossip on TV
and so on and of the heart things are
different there are some things that are different
for the better and others that are
different for the worse or It depends on how you
look at it there are things that they do not
understand the same as we understand it
but then there are other things that
are more normalized for example in
the world of streamers if for
example tomorrow I make a video of a
streamer that streamer is going to get angry
with me and surely I blocked myself from
everywhere I do not know how much it is worth in the
world of famous people for example not in
the world of famous people on TV if I
follow a famous person I have a certain
cordiality or at least Deal  with
someone If I suddenly have to
criticize him, you criticize him and he doesn't get angry
with you unless you go to Something super
personal or super serious, I don't mean
something normal with content, they understand that
those contents, they understand that that's
what we move in, you know, in a sense, it's
like they have it more normalized in the
world of streamers, now
suddenly I take a video to a youtuber and
the youtuber stops following you, doesn't
talk to you anymore or whatever, okay, but in
the world of celebrities, not in the world
of celebrities on TV and the heart,
it's like they have it normalized that in
that world they move and nothing happens in that
sense, it's better, okay, because it's the most
logical thing that I see, the truth. But then
there are other things that, for example, on
TV they would cancel it, then they have another
fault, eh, and other hypocrisies, they inform us of
[ __ ] [ __ ] about almost nothing, then they know,
for example, on TV, suddenly they talk to you about
super Boomer things without you knowing, for
example, the other day Jorge Javier, to
defend the issue of taxes, used
ibai as an example, he said because of course
there was a kid who had won the
prize  of survivor and the Treasury
had taken away a large part of the prize
and Jorge Javier saying no, it's not that we have to
pay for the roads,
campaigning with the PSOE, no, because what we
pay for with our taxes is not
the roads, let's stop saying
that nonsense, we're not going to assume that we
pay for Tito Bernie's [ __ ] and
cocaine, okay, honestly, there isn't a
lot of Look, Roma Gallardo released a
video today with something else that he found in
a PSOE hotel, watch it, it's worth a
feast, well, tremendous, okay. And he used
ibai as an example and said, Look, ibai is a
YouTuber, he is the best YouTuber, the best, and he is
listed in Spain because he says he earns
a lot of money and wants to help, man,
Jorge Javier was going and he has producers, two
mansions where he has his team
working and not just his team of
producers and video editors, that is, and you
go to a company, man, and he goes there. I don't know
because I don't keep track of his accounts, but I think
the most logical thing is to think that he was going to pay
taxes as a company. I imagine that
would be the most logical thing, eh, I highly doubt that
ibai is  self-employed I would say that he went
and pays taxes as a company and that is why he
stays in Spain obviously but let's see, he
has presenters Editors
illuminators producers scriptwriters
managers literally I don't even know how many
people he has working for him he
even has content creators within
his team they are a company Yes or yes what
is it about Jorge Javier to pay taxes
as a company and become crude and he
told you you are not self-employed craca Caracas are
those kinds of things No but I think that
this for example is where we
are deviating a lot from the subject and it is
what I was going to I think this is on
TV This would be condemned, the coscu thing would not be
allowed Abby you cannot do the
same, I do not Look, I do not have a team
like the device what I do have the Editors
send me invoices and I pay taxes That is
horrible That is why I say that I do not hang out
with these people that I have experienced it
first hand and for many years I
had to swallow the social nonsense, the
nonsense of the stupid people who followed
these people and did not consider for a
moment the kind of false and
evil people that  they were but when I was at my
best, which we're talking about in
2015 and 2016, they didn't have any kind
of controversy to my name, they
had never accused me of anything at that time, not
so serious, at least these youtubers were
dedicated to hanging out with me, the worst thing is
that I gave them a certain amount of space,
I also allowed them to talk to me and I
allowed them from time to time to
collaborate with me, to allow
collaborations with everyone, they
invited me to events, I would go and greet many of them
and I had to swallow it in my
own flesh how literally from one day
to the next people who smiled at me told me how
cool my videos were, how much they
followed me, the next day when I
was no longer socially accepted because they
were doing it everywhere,
then they started saying a lot of
nonsense, trying to sink me as much as
possible, not to see, saying that don't watch it is
nonsense because people, because of the
morbidity of boxing, to see who wins and such, you
will see it even if it is
occasionally here, for me, The Fat Move,
for me personally, and it is not to give an
idea, but the most logical thing here would be that
people and  YouTubers above all will
mobilize, I was going to say the brands.
But well, the brands. I don't know if you are
aware of this, but the most logical thing is
that the contests themselves. I mean, first
the ones who are shouting, but of course they are not
going to do it. I mean, those who are shouting are not
going to do it because they have a
golden opportunity to make a
springboard to have a family for a few months,
a few months, eh. Because then those who, I do
n't know if those who participated
last year in the evening who used this as a
springboard, I don't know if it helped them
in their careers and they kept their numbers. I do
n't know. Carola had a great impact on
the evening and after the evening, Carola
and expulsito, for example, I don't know if it had a great
impact, but great collaborations with
eBay, for example, Pulsito Sport has a
one-on-one with
Carola, she did well, but not because of the
evening. I mean, Carola has already become
known in various things,
but because of the evening. Yes, I mean, for
example, Paracetamol has kept its numbers
after the evening, it is no longer
about  whether it works or not there will be people who
will, people who won't The fact is
that they're not going to waste the opportunity to
try it the first ones who should
take a step back would be those who fight
but I think that there is the only one who is going to
take a step back and find out and I think that he is
going to take it after this video
because I think that after this video he is
going to find out because Dalas right now
is in a good moment with many
visits and everything and respect and such I think
that Germn is going to take a step back what do you
think Fernn also
probably Fernn probably
too but Germn especially because of what
happened to him Germn especially because of what
happened to him eh do you think not you
think not well it would be ugly eh do you think
not the majority don't have a contract
with eBay yet I don't know Bustamante
last year suddenly couldn't go no
Bustamante no Jaime Lorente was the one who
couldn't go Jaime Jaime Lorente Jaime
Lorente was the one who in the end at the last
moment couldn't go a few weeks later and it
was Bustamante [ __ ] well Germn dude No  he
needs to [ __ ] Well it would be strong not even if he backed
out Germn
collaborated with Town after the funa no no
no and Fernn too well that's it well
then This is not going down let's see what I was
thinking but of course from what you
're telling me I'm going to be wrong no let's
see I was thinking that Germn I don't know
if Fernan but Germn more than anything because of what
happened to Germn that I've
told you I was thinking that Germn what he would do would be to
get off but not say
the reason like suddenly disappears I have
other projects or whatever but
what you're telling me indicates
that no that he's not going down no for me this is a
bit strong eh Come on I already put it on
Twitter a few days I'm not saying
something that you don't know but well let's see what you
come up with
[Applause]
[Music]